Right.
So now you're familiar with paragraph tags and line breaks we're going to see if we can customize the
look of our text a little bit more.
As you might have guessed we're going to use a range of tags to do that.
So first off we're going to look at how to make some text bold.
And there are two ways that we can do that.
The first that I'll show you is the B tag which as you might imagine is short for bold.
So if we just pop B and then slash be around a certain letter or a string of letters then we have a
look at that.
That will come out bold.
Fantastic.
Simple as that.
The B tag is perfectly valid.
H t m l.
But generally it's encouraged to use the strong tag instead which does exactly the same thing but is
a little bit easier to read.
So it's strong just makes it clear in your email that you want this to be displayed strongly and clearly
and boldly.
So you're welcome to use be all strong and you will see both of those when you're looking at the code
of other sites.
I recommend using strong if you've got the choice.
Next we'll look at it taluk text.
And similarly we've got two tags that we can use.
The first one just like the bold tag is I.
So there is some italic text.
Let's have a look.
There it is so nice and italic and the second one.
So instead of strong we've got E-M which is short for emphasis.
There we go.
And again it looks exactly the same but is generally considered better form to use E-M which is slightly
clearer than I in terms of its meaning but you will see both when you're looking at the code of existing
web sites and you can use either in HCM L5.
Next we'll look at underlining some text.
So we'll get rid of our line break and we'll look at some underlined text as you might guess we can
use the you tag the underlined text to have a little look.
That's the underlined text like that.
Now the tag has an interesting history and was actually removed from HVM L in inversion for point 0
1 but then brought back in version 5.
You can use it is valid HDL but it's generally preferred that we use ints which is short for inserted
to imply that I underlined text has been inserted into our paragraph.
Now once again you can use you and you'll see it everywhere but it is inserted.
And that's what's generally preferred.
OK just a couple more.
We'll have some superscript.
So just the same.
So superscript means high up in the air.
And we use the sup short obviously for superscript tag to do that.
OK quick challenge for you.
Can you work out how to do some subscript text.
Go for it.
You managed to get that one.
It's just exactly the same.
But sub instead of SUP.
So subscript is slightly below the line and there it is.
All right the last one I'm going to show you is some struck out text and we're going to do that using
the DTL tag short for delete it
there we go.
So now we have some crossed out text there that used to be strike NHT a metaphor but that has actually
been deprecated in HCM L5 and we now use that DDL tag.
But you may see strike used in Web sites that you're looking at last.
I'm going to show you a completely separate tag which I'm quite keen on which is the horizontal rule.
So again it's a self-closing tag.
It doesn't have a closing element but it just draws a nice horizontal line so it's good for adding sections
to a page.
If we put it in here for example we might want to separate the first three from the last three and that's
a very nice way to do it.
So again self-closing in HMO 5 you don't need the closing element if for some reason you're doing sh
t m l then you would put the closing bit in like that and you might well see it like that in some websites
but fraiche Tim L5 you should just have the H.R. if you want to find a few more different Starling's
that you can do with DML then just go to Google and very quickly you can get this with DML formatting
and just click on the top result which will take you to a Web site called W3 schools which has got a
lot of information on basic HD l tags and down here they've got a bunch of formatting elements.
So we've seen quite a few of those but there's a few even that we haven't seen further down.
So we've got small market which is highlighted there inserted which we saw subscript and superscript
et cetera.
So if you want to look more into HMO formatting you can but we're actually going to move on and look
at lists in HCM El.